Week 1
The first week we got an introduction to the course and the software we are going to use. 
This encompassed an introduction to computational design, procedural design and Houdini.
On Wednesday we went on a field trip to the site location in Rotterdam to, among other things, 
get a feeling for scale, typology, surroundings, possibilities, etc.

On Thursday we worked on the program of requirements and had our first consultations. For the PoR
we used the design brief, but we also used our self-defined design principles with relation to
extra functions, relations between the different occupants, and collective space. We created a
network diagram based on the functions in our building and also partly based on the already existing surroundings.


Week 2
This week we focussed on the start of our project with making a document in houdini where we included the 3DBag data with the 
surroundings of the destined location, learned at the consultations of tuesday. We also made an excel table where we weighted the 
importance of various functions to be close to eachother. This file can be put in as a parameter to use with making a bubble diagram. 

After the consultations on tuesday, we continued working on the voxel grid and the bubble diagram. The voxel grid is now included in
the surroundings, so that a calculation can be made on the voxel grid, compared to the near surroundings. We also assigned the needed
square meters per function. 


Week 3
This week on tuesday during class, we learned about how we can make a sunpath analysis so we can apply it ourselves. We also got a 
Lecture about the real masterplan for the area. After that on Tuesday we worked on the adjacency matrix. 

For Thursday we worked on the user scenarios to see how the building could possibly be used and what should be taken into account while 
designing the building. We also were able to put the data of the REL chart and data about the building, for example area's, in a houdini
file. This made us a bubble diagram where the bubbles represent the different functions. It shows a globally defined layout of the
different functions.


Week 4